+++
id = "CbcFhdYtcTv"
date = "2022-03-23T23:19:46.580Z"
src = "instagram/CbcFhdYtcTv.jpg"
title = "2800137357845972207"
+++
Sunshine Butterflies is taking expressions of interest for our 2022 ‘FARMABILITY’ program!🌱🐮 'Farmability' is an educational farm animal, gardening and environmental program that provides a unique learning experience to individuals living with disability. Farmability teaches practical hands-on skills through gardening methods, animal care practices and environmental sustainability. In this innovative program members will learn about where their produce comes from and how to care for animals and the environment. Our knowledgeable staff will help guide you through the process of growing your very own fresh and seasonal produce including salads, veggies and herbs as well as harvesting fruit from our orchard to enjoy. Participants will complete a variety of activities in the many natural outdoor learning spaces at ‘Our Backyard. You will also visit surrounding farms around the Sunshine Coast, market places and food manufacturers and distributors. Our outdoor learning classroom and growing spaces offer an environment designed to increase confidence, knowledge and create social connections. PROGRAM DETAILS: When: Tuesday’s (beginning April 5th). Where: ‘Our Backyard’ 468 Mckinnon Drive, Cooroibah. Time: 9-3PM Transport: Pick up/drop off available on enquiry. Cost: As per the NDIS price guide. We are thrilled to once again provide this life-changing, educational program to people living with disability. If you are of post-school age and living with disability and want to be part of this awesome program, contact Sunshine Butterflies today! Please send all expressions of interest to admin@sunshinebutterflies.com.au or call 07 5470 2830.