+++
id = "CU4dXzdBPQq"
date = "2021-10-12T23:04:16.488Z"
src = "instagram/CU4dXzdBPQq.jpg"
title = "2682022757243614250"
+++
This week we are celebrating ‘National Gardening Week!’🌱🌾 National Gardening Week offers a wonderful opportunity to celebrate the simple joys of gardening and to highlight the associated environmental, social and health benefits. At Sunshine Butterflies 'Our Backyard' we focus strongly on gardening, plants, the environment and its benefits. For those of you who don’t know, ‘Our Backyard’ is a 15-acre community facility set in the Noosa Countryside. 7 years ago ‘Our Backyard’ was overgrown with bush and scrub before being transformed into a place of learning, purpose and belonging. ‘Our Backyard’ is home to a variety of native and non-native plants that all benefit the beautiful environment we have out here. With a variety of furry and feathered friends that call this place home, it is essential that our gardens and grounds are kept in tip-top shape. We are lucky to have amazing volunteers that donate their time to maintain our gardens and grounds as well as the skills from our Gardens team and groundskeepers. With Damien Walsh, our qualified Horticulturist onsite the ‘Our Backyard’ space is always bursting with life. 🌸 ‘Our Backyard’ provides a tranquil environment and brings a sense of calm to everyone who steps through our gates. Every time you walk around ‘Our Backyard’ you learn something new about our space. 💜 Join us this week as we dive into ‘National Gardening Week’ at ‘Our Backyard’. We will be taking you on a journey of how we celebrate gardening and the environment and how important these topics are at Sunshine Butterflies. 🦋