+++
id = "CWsPuWqMKBV"
date = "2021-12-03T01:07:00.927Z"
src = "instagram/CWsPuWqMKBV.jpg"
title = "2714613831521312853"
+++
CASUAL FARMHAND POSITION Sunshine Butterflies are looking for an enthusiastic Farmhand to join the team to help care for our farm animals as part of our Animal Enrichment program and assist in maintaining our Farmyard and stables. ‘Our Backyard’-Home of Sunshine Butterflies, is a 15-acre community facility set in the Noosa Countryside that provides the space to deliver a range of programs, support services and activities for people of all ages and abilities. As a Farmhand, you will be working as part of a small team and be responsible for assisting in the feeding, cleaning and enrichment of the animals at 'Our Backyard'. You will also be assisting in general farmyard maintenance and care. The responsibilities of the Farmhand include: -Cleaning all enclosures and stable yards. -Helping staff with the provision of food and water for the animals, and ensuring proper dietary conditions are met. -Ensuring animals have clean, dry bedding. -Assisting the team in providing enrichment to the animals to ensure they are familiar with handling therapy and education. -Conducting routine checks throughout the day to ensure that the stables, enclosures and paddocks are well maintained. -Helping with food ordering and other animal care supplies and ensuring supplies are stocked. -Assisting the team with educating people of all abilities. -Manual handling SKILLS REQUIRED: -A passion for farm animals and working in a hobby farm environment. -Farm experience and knowledge of farm animals -Physically fit and strong -Excellent communication, organisation, time management and prioritisation skills are essential. -Must be able to work independently with little or no supervision and as part of a team. ESSENTIAL: Must have a drivers license, smartphone and have appropriate security checks and clearances. Blue card and yellow card exemption This is a casual position of 30-35 hours (or more) and will encompass weekend work on a rostered basis. Applicant must have flexibility. Please contact kim@sunshinebutterflies.com.au with your resume and cover letter. APPLICATIONS CLOSE: Wednesday 15th December